Update contributor guide (#8894)
pulumi/pulumi: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Pulumi

First, thanks for contributing to Pulumi and helping make it better. We appreciate the help!
This repository is one of many across the Pulumi ecosystem and we welcome contributions to them all.

## Code of Conduct

Please make sure to read and observe our [Contributor Code of Conduct](./CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md).

## Communications

You are welcome to join the [Pulumi Community Slack](https://slack.pulumi.com/) for questions and a community of like-minded folks.
We discuss features and file bugs on GitHub via [Issues](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues) as well as [Discussions](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/discussions).
You can read about our [public roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/pulumi/projects/44) on the [Pulumi blog](https://www.pulumi.com/blog/relaunching-pulumis-public-roadmap/).

### Issues

> Feel free to pick up any existing issue that looks interesting to you or fix a bug you stumble across while using Pulumi. No matter the size, we welcome all improvements.

Reviewer: ❤️

### Feature Work

> For larger features, we'd appreciate it if you open a [new issue](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues/new) before doing a ton of work so we can discuss the feature together.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For larger features, we'd appreciate it if you open a [new issue](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues/new) before investing a lot of time so we can discuss the feature together.
```

Please also ensure to browse [current issues](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues) to make sure your issue is unique, to lighten the triage burden on our maintainers.

## Developing

### Setting up your Pulumi development environment

You'll want to install the following on your machine:

- Go 1.17

> - NodeJS 12.X.X or later

Reviewer 3: Is it only Go and NodeJS? I'm noticing Python in the brew call below, so I'm not sure if this is still accurate. For Node, I think we must be on at least 14 by now considering 16 is the current LTS and 12 and 14 are in Maintenance (12's EOL at the end of April), but I could be wrong.

rm dotnet-sdk.rb
```

### Working on Pulumi in Gitpod

If you have a web browser, you can get a fully pre-configured Pulumi development environment in one click:

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi)

### Make build system

> We use `make` as our build system, so you'll want to install that as well, if you don't have it already. We have extremely limited support for doing development on Windows (the bare minimum for us to get Windows validation of `pulumi`) so if you're on windows, we recommend that you use the [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10). We'd like to [make this better](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues/208) so feel free to pitch in if you can.

Reviewer 4: This definitely still feels accurate. I've put Windows testing & build system improvements on the backburner for this iteration because it's a time sink, but I expect @t0yv0 and I will return to it.

> We use `make` as our build system, so you'll want to install that as well, if you don't have it already. We have extremely limited support for doing development on Windows (the bare minimum for us to get Windows validation of `pulumi`) so if you're on windows, we recommend that you use the [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10). We'd like to [make this better](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues/208) so feel free to pitch in if you can.

Reviewer 4: The WSL install URL now redirects to just https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install which gives instructions for Windows 10 & Windows 11.

## Submitting a Pull Request

For contributors we use the [standard fork based workflow](https://gist.github.com/Chaser324/ce0505fbed06b947d962). Fork this repository, create a topic branch, and when ready, open a pull request from your fork.

> When adding a changelog entry, please be sure to use `CHANGELOG_PENDING.md` for the entry - we will then be able to ensure your pull request gets into the next release.

Author: I may revisit this later - still picking apart what special flow we have on the provider repos! ❄️

## Getting Help

> We're sure there are rough edges and we appreciate you helping out. If you want
> to talk with other folks in the Pulumi community (or members of the Pulumi team!),
> come hang out in the `#contribute` channel on the
> [Pulumi Community Slack](https://slack.pulumi.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're sure there are rough edges and we appreciate you helping out. If you want to talk with other folks in the Pulumi community (including members of the Pulumi team) come hang out `#contribute` channel on the [Pulumi Community Slack](https://slack.pulumi.com/).
```

(Keep nearly all of Guin's text, but make the paragraph on a single line.)
